Allow two authors in Developers Blog (#481)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/internal/writing-a-blog-post.md

    <some more content>
    ```

4. Write your blog post.

> 5. (Optional) If you wrote the blog post with someone else, you can also add a second author by adding `author_2`, `github_2` and `community_2` to the front matter.

Reviewer: Not sure if "front matter" could be more specific or if it's correct as is.

Author: I've added a link to the Hugo docs .

> 5. (Optional) If you did write the blog post with someone else, you can also add a second author by adding `author_2`, `github_2` and `community_2` to the front matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (Optional) If you wrote the blog post with someone else, you can also add a second author by adding `author_2`, `github_2` and `community_2` to the front matter.
```
